So graduate school is, I would say, more specialized than college college.
Even within a major, you're still kind of doing a broader course
of study In graduate school, you're really dialing down into a very
specific area. Um, graduate school is also much more independent than,
um, when you're doing, like your bachelor's degree, um, you're
expected to really function much more independently. Um, you're actually
trying to become somebody who could then, uh, mentor other students,
for instance. So instead of being mentored, I mean, you'll be
mentor during graduate school, but the ultimate goal is for you to kind
of get to the place where your mentor is at.